Pattern : 
1) Cooking accident 
2) Any injury related while cooking 
3) Explain any hot water injury while cooking
4) Pot of 35kg injury
5) any incident related to cooking 

Response : While preparing the rice for the lunch of the day, when moving the pot # 60 - 35 Kg of 
weight including the contents - to evacuate the residual water of the cooking of the rice, when 
positioning the pot on a jaba it tilts backwards spilling some 200 ml of hot water on the cook's leg. 
The cook immediately after the event applies first aid, pouring cold water on the area of the injury and go to the medical post for evaluation.



Pattern : 
1) drilling accident
2) Explain any incident occured during drilling 
2) Jumbo accident 
3) Chain breaks of drilling machine 
4) Hycron type safety gloves 

Response : 
While removing the drill rod of the Jumbo 08 for maintenance, the supervisor proceeds to loosen the support
of the intermediate centralizer to facilitate the removal, seeing this the mechanic supports one end on the drill 
of the equipment to pull with both hands the bar and accelerate the removal from this, at this moment the bar slides 
from its point of support and tightens the fingers of the mechanic between the drilling bar and the beam of the jumbo.


Being 04:20 p.m. approximately, in the Nv. 1880, CX-781. Mr. Kevin helper of Jumbo 55, removed the drill 
rod that was in the drilling hole, instants that breaks the chain of subjection of the table of the drilling machine,
 sliding down achieving rubbing the index finger of the left hand, causing the injury.


Inside mine during the diamond drilling of a positive 15 ° drill, in moments when the control tube was 
rescued with the fisherman, the winch cable breaks untimely developing a whiplash effect and impacting on 
the left hand of the drilling assistant causing the described injury. At the time of the accident the drilling assistant 
was on the platform at 1.0m from the frame and was using his Hycron-type safety gloves. 


Pattern : 
1) Any acccident at the level 3790 
2) Provide any information related to installation of HDPE pipe 
3) Scooptram related
4) Any accidnet for Hydraulic filling personnel 

Response : 
At level 3790 (formerly level -280), the hydraulic filling personnel performed the installation of 4 "diameter HDPE pipe
 through the ventilation chimney with the help of a 4-yard scooptram that held and pushed the end of the pipe. pipe (100 meters in length). 
At that moment the pipe gets stuck on the edge of the chimney causing the pipe to form an arc at the height where the injured worker was,
 who signals with the light of his lamp to the operator of the scooptram to stop and when trying to retire from the line of fire, 
the worker loses balance by light contact with the pipe causing fall at the same level.


Pattern : 
1) Any accident occured during cleaning of polyethylene pipe  
2) Accident related to collaborator while cleaning 
3) provide information about any injury during cleaning 
4) Information of Phase III Concentrator plant 
5) Explain about the injury happened while removal of transmission belt from the flotation cell of Pb cleaning

Response : 
At times when the worker was cleaning the long holes of the production mesh in negative, 
when removing the polyethylene pipe it suffers a clogging inside the drill, which product 
of compressed air pressure is released by ejecting detritus and fragments of rock inside the 
hole impacting the worker's forehead causing a cut.

Employee to perform painting of the floor of the fuel tank area, he needed cleaning, and by
pouring water-thinner on the floor, the bucket slipped out of his hand and the mixture projected
onto his left shoulder and lower lip, causing redness and burning.

In circumstances that the collaborator performed the cleaning of the ditch 3570, 0.50 cm deep, 
removing the pipe of 2 "HDPE material with an estimated weight of 30 Kg. Together with two collaborators,
when pushing the tube to drain the dune, the collaborator is hit on the lower right side lip producing a 
slight blow to the lip. At the time of the event, the collaborator had a safety helmet, glasses and gloves.

In phase III of the concentrator plant, the maintenance personnel carried out the removal of transmission belt 
from the flotation cell of Pb cleaning; at the moment the mechanic removed the belt he leans on his left leg which 
slides towards the grating floor, leaving his foot between the two pipes generating the lesion described. The work 
was carried out at the floor level and at the time of the accident, the staff had put on their safety equipment. 







